hi my name is Brandon Sarkis on behalf
of expert village today I'm going to
take a few minutes and show you how to
make pot roast alright so here's our
garlic cloves I'm going to show you a
really neat way to peel these very very
quickly and very very efficiently let us
sit there actually peel apart like this
we're going to take our garlic love I
put on our cutting board I want to take
the large part of our knife right here
this part sit on top of said garlic
clove take our hand put it on top making
sure your where the fact is a very very
sharp blade underneath your hand taking
both hands push straight down and you've
now smashed your garlic but if you do
this you'll see you've just very easily
peeled your garlic as well make sure we
nip that little end piece off because
that piece is nasty and doesn't cook and
there you have it that's our peeled
garlic the easy way the stuff that you
can get at the grocery store in the jar
that stuff's terrible don't use that
stuff peeling and working with garlic is
so easy and it smells so good and fresh
garlic is so incredible compared to that
horrible horrible stuff now the stuff I
will be a little bit okay with you don't
see it all the time of the grocery store
but it's the stuff that's already peel
it's just like this the grocery store
that stuff is good it's lost a little
bit of its bite but it's not completely
terrible like the other stuff stuff that
some little jars all right so we're
going to cut this end off because that
part like I said earlier is no good
alright and this garlic's got a couple
of bruises on it I don't think it's
going to affect the way it comes out
though it doesn't look doesn't look that
bad it's just bruises now if there was
something else wrong with it I would say
definitely you know get rid of it so I'm
just going to do a nice simple just
basically a crosscut slice I like my
garlic chunks nice and big so you can
see them so you see them coming so if
you're going to you know bite into it
you can kind of brace yourself
something like that is all I'm going to
do for my garlic I don't feel the need
to mince it up until it's garlic paste
that's pointless because that way you're
hiding it from somebody or you're hiding
the ingredient which I don't agree with
so let's go ahead and work on getting
our pot was ready to go and suing off
all of our vegetables